JDBC HW 02 (#1)
mate-academy/jv-dao-service: README.md

# HW 02

- Create models: `Car`, `Driver` and `Manufacturer`. Use UML diagram (models) for this, see below.
- Create DAO and service layer for `Manufacturer` model. Below you can see the list of required methods.
- Add CRUD operations into `ManufacturerDao`.
- Do not forget to use your own annotation Dao.
- Return [Optional](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Optional.html) when you can return null in DAO.
  For example: ```public Optional<Manufacturer> get(Long id);```
- Add new [injector](../content/new-injector.md) to your project.

> - Add class Application with main method where you are invoking all your methods from service

Reviewer: Думаю можемо прибрати цей клас. Хай тестують в main методі

    }
}
```

### Java classes structure:
- Manufacturer
```java
public class Manufacturer {
    private Long id;
    private String name;
    private String country;
}
```

- Driver

```java
import java.util.List;

public class Driver {
    private Long id;
    private String name;
    private String licenseNumber;
    // keep in mind, one driver can drive several cars per day
    // but we do not wan't to store a list of cars in a Driver class
}
```

- Car

```java
import java.util.List;

public class Car {
    private Long id;
    private String model;
    private Manufacturer manufacturer;
    private List<Driver> drivers;
}
```

### ManufacturerDao methods:
    - Manufacturer create(Manufacturer manufacturer);
    - Optional<Manufacturer> get(Long id);
    - List<Manufacturer> getAll();
    - Manufacturer update(Manufacturer manufacturer);
    - boolean delete(Long id);

### ManufacturerService methods:
    - Manufacturer create(Manufacturer manufacturer);
    - Manufacturer get(Long id);
    - List<Manufacturer> getAll();
    - Manufacturer update(Manufacturer manufacturer);
    - boolean delete(Long id);

### UML diagram

> ![img](../content/taxi_models_diagram.jpg)

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13794896/111478015-58a41a00-8738-11eb-839e-f2c7ad7f2454.png)
😞

# HW 02

> - Create your own repository - [video](https://youtu.be/0hN-VJ9RNHQ). Make sure you are creating a new branch before start working.

Reviewer: emm))

- Create models: `Car`, `Driver` and `Manufacturer`. Use UML diagram (models) for this, see below.
- Create DAO and service layer for `Manufacturer` model. Below you can see the list of required methods.
- Add CRUD operations into `ManufacturerDao`.

> - Do not forget to use your own annotation Dao.

Reviewer: На цьому етапі вони юзають наш інжектор. Треба перефразувати
```suggestion
- Do not forget to use `@Dao` annotation from injector for classes, that implements Dao interfaces
```

Reviewer: Також треба сказати за аннотацію `@Service`

- Return [Optional](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Optional.html) when you can return null in DAO.
  For example: ```public Optional<Manufacturer> get(Long id);```

> - Add new [injector](../content/new-injector.md) to your project.

Reviewer: Поставити перед пунктом Do not forget to use `@Dao` annotation
